well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about parenting and sparking curiosity I
have this video marked as a paid
promotion I'm not sure if y'all get to
see that or not I don't know that that's
accurate in any legal sense but there
was a bizarre chain of events I felt
like I should disclose I'm gonna mention
a company in this video I've spoken
highly of this company in the past I'm
sure I will speak highly of this company
in the future I'm a customer of this
company the decision to make this video
was made weeks ago however because the
world caught fire I didn't have time to
make it in the meantime that same
company sent me an educational sample so
I feel like I should disclose that
there's no like deal where they're like
hey we're gonna send you this make a
video about us or anything along those
lines there's no advertisement
relationship it was just a weird chain
of events that has led to me receiving
something from this company in like the
last week and a half and me making a
video that mentions them in a positive
light shortly thereafter there is no
deal but at the same time I feel like
that's something I should disclose I
would feel like a huge hypocrite to Rell
about politicians not disclosing who's
given them stuff and then for me to do
the same thing
okay the second announcement is mr.
Richter congratulations on your
graduation Ari gave me something to say
but I actually forgot to bring it out
here it was short I'm sure it was
something like best wishes love you or
something along those lines
I would like to say that people my age
are leaving you a mess but I am sure you
are equal to the task you've got this
good luck moving forward all right
now on to the actual video I get asked
about my parenting style or parent or
for parenting advice pretty often
because I have a whole bunch of kids the
reason I don't really ever give it is
because I have a whole bunch of kids
they're all different I don't think that
most parenting advice is very sound
because I know among my kids you would
get different advice for each one so I
can't see how the advice I would have in
any specific way would be real helpful
what I can't say is there are two things
that I try to do with all my kids the
first is to give them a moral compass
teach them right from wrong
that seems like it should go without
saying the second is I try to instill
and provoke curiosity because if you do
that the battles later in life about
education and all that stuff they're a
whole lot easier because they're gonna
educate themselves they'll also be
happier because they'll have interests
that they enjoy they may even find a
career that they love you know now the
problem is how do you spark that
curiosity it's different diversity of
tactics my eldest minecraft it was a
video game called minecraft it's like
Legos inside a video game kind of he
started playing it when he was young
then so much so that I was kind of you
know I thought it was a little weird to
be honest but I saw him reading books
about geology and architecture play your
video game do whatever whatever whatever
provokes your curiosity my five-year-old
and he loves dinosaurs absolutely just
but on some level I think he always
thought that they were like big monsters
they never really seemed real
when he would talk about him even though
we'd taken him to museums and he'd seen
you know the fossils recently I had an
anniversary on my wife
a long time ago she told me she never
expected me to give her the moon she
wanted me to be here on earth with her
really sweet right I found a company
that sells necklace that has a lunar
material l gave her the moon the same
company sold mosasaur team and I ordered
order one for my son at the time and the
moment I put that thing in his hand and
it became real tangible something he
could touch you could see his whole
attitude towards a change as he's
studying this thing in his hand it
requires different techniques and with
my eldest it was all in his head it was
all imaginary
it was minecraft it was reading you know
with my five-year-old it took physically
touching it to get that spark the
company I ordered it from is the company
I was talking about earlier it's called
mini Museum the funny thing is the thing
that they sent me is like the exact
opposite what I was just talking about
they sell these which I don't know if
you can see that if it's in focus or not
but basically this is a collection of a
bunch of small samples everything from
sr-71 to a piece of Alcatraz to a piece
of the Enigma all kinds of cool little
stuff in it they also sell this stuff
separately
that's not encased in something and you
can put in your kid's hand and it's not
just dinosaur teeth you could get a
piece of the Hindenburg deck chair from
the Lusitania all kinds of stuff and it
helps spark that curiosity even this
even though they can touch it there is
one of the things in here is a piece of
Steve Jobs is turtleneck
and you know as I was talking about the
stuff that was in it when I get that
sparked a conversation because to them
that seemed way out of place you know
like why is that in there who is this
person and why are they important
because to them computers had already
existed you know they were they were
always there so this you know the PC Mac
war none of that ever existed for them
so explaining how he brought that
company back from you know from where
was that and turned it into the company
that makes the iPhone it sparked
curiosity and I think that's a big part
of creating happy kids and creating
productive adults the other thing you
have to remember is you can't tell a kid
anything ever you have to show if you
want your kid to be curious you have to
be curious if you want your kid to read
they have to see you read you want your
kid to watch documentaries you better
watch some documentaries they're going
to emulate you you know that old
commercial I learned it from you dad
that can be used for good things too I
mean you really had to set the example
and you had to show them what you want
from them and they'll do it they like
you even though they may not always seem
like it that's really the only advice I
have as far as cookie cutter
across-the-board this is something I
think everybody should do with their
kids that's it that's all I got because
they're all different
I'll help them drastically I think maybe
recognizing that is an important part of
it too anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night